All that is right is there,
all that is religion,
and all that is Divine
is being challenged.
No doubt about it.
I mean, I have no doubt.
Now you know, when you got
your Realization,
how difficult you found
even to meet people and talk to them
really. How it was a problem
for you people to even face that.
Because you used to get caught up,
and you felt it was too much,
and all sorts of problems you had.
You understand that?
Now, for Me, how difficult it is.
For you, when you have only
little bit of Realization only,
you started feeling.
For Me, how difficult it is?
And the more it is difficult,
the more it is challenging you,
the more I have to cleanse you,
the more my chakras start working.
They start working very fast, you see.
And you people are prepared as channels
to pass this light.
And you know I've worked very hard
with you, done everything
that is possible to help you.
Now these channels must be kept
completely open to Me,
and you must keep them also cleansed,
yourself, and you must receive
the vibrations in a full way,
so that whatever I am trying to produce,
you should be able to channelize it.
Isn't it? You understand this?
You are all engineers and you understand.
This is a big problem, you see,
for a source.
Now what happens when your channels
are not clear, it comes back on Me.
And in a way, it comes this way,
that the chakras are presided
by the deities.
And the deities just get angry, you see.
And I'll get sick, I can assure you,
I'll get sick with this.
That's what I can see.
That's going to happen.
So you must see the seriousness of it.
It's not a casual thing, you see,
the way these people sometimes think.
It's not about one person or another,
I'm saying.
But I'm just telling you that
you will be held responsible.
I really get sick in it.
You see, we take it very casually,
in a very small way,
while it is a very big force
which is flowing.
It is a tremendous, dynamic force
And it will not harm you,
but it will only come back and harm Me.
It happens, you know, I've seen
that I flow tremendous of flow.
And it never forces you people,
it's just, it's destroyed out.
It comes back and troubles Me.
So the channel has to be opened out
and you have to work it out.
I mean, what more can be done
that you should tell them?
I'm willing to work it out
and cleanse you.
But it happens like that.
For example, last time in the Guru Puja,
the vibrations were too much,
and you didn't receive some of it.
But still, you have to take it up
really seriously.
How many we are? Not too many.
At the most, if you count,
sixty people at the most.
But sixty people should do it fully,
in a full way.
Then it will work out.
I mean, you will not only have
your fulfilment,
but it is the most important thing
to save this place.
I mean, the whole Hell has to be
brought to this kingdom of heaven.
How am I to do it?
You are the channels. I'm not the channel.
This is one thing I tell you.
And I'm desireless. I've no desire.
If I get sick, I will get sick,
I tell you.
I will have no objection about myself,
because I have no desire.
You have to now ask that,
"I should be all right.
There should be no more sickness in me."
And that, "You should be able
to open out."
It is you who have to pray to Me.
Otherwise, I'm not going to do anything.
I'm just going to accept sickness.
This has happened at the time of Christ.
It will happen again,
if you people don't follow.
I'm not saying any individual,
but you all think about it.
Now the trouble is, you see, it's very
easy to make a drama out of everything.
Like Mr. Ronnie who comes to Me
and tortures my life morning till evening.
His heart is broken somewhere, you know.
And he has lost a woman's love
or some sort of a nonsense.
I don't know from where I get
people like that.
And every day he's torturing my life!
But, today, I read a very interesting
article on this,
that there's a psychologist -
I told you, in Times,
it is in Times, or I tell it now.
The psychologist, he says that,
"Those who suffer from this kind
of love sickness should smell
rotten eggs."
That's the solution.
They should punish themselves
for doing that.
And he has given ten punishments
You must punish morning till evening
that you are suffering from this
kind of a nonsense and that kind.
And even if you remember such a person,
then you hit yourself with bullets,
and cure yourself.
That's a very interesting article.
He's a psychologist himself
and he suffered from a thing like that.
But he said, "This, we can get rid of
with this kind of a treatment",
which is a very sensible thing.
Mother, this thing is on my mind
since month and month and month,
that really what can we do?
So you must have a, now in the ashram
especially, you must have a regular...
Early in the morning you must get up.
Those who have to stay in the ashram
must get up in the morning.
Must do meditation, must go in
the evening meditation,
and all nonsense should be given up.
It is not a place just for people
to come and live there.
That's one thing.
You must make it compulsory with them.
Everybody must do meditation
and come down.
Otherwise, what's the use of having
an ashram?
It is like a boarding house,
a cheap boarding house, that's all.
The ashram has been dispended now, Mother.
Hum?
There is, soon there is no ashram anymore.
That's as far as I understand.
Because everybody is going to move
some place, here and there.
No, this mandate, it is not the point.
We have to have a good place.
We have to have a place where we have
to discipline people and tell them.
But you all must decide within yourselves,
be genuine to yourself,
what are we doing about it?
You see, you come out
with your own problems,
"I have got this problem.
I have got that problem."
I mean, I am not here in a shop.
It's all your problem.
You have to solve the problems
of the whole world.
You understand, all of it?
We have to have a place where
you have to be disciplined.
You should decide among yourselves.
You see, people like,
see like Vivekananda.
Now you read his life.
His Guru never gave him Realisation,
nothing of the kind.
Just peace, about forty people
got to know.
And you just see their lives,
how they dedicated themselves.
Now Vivekananda was a man who had appeared
for ICS examination,
Indian Civil Service,
in those days, it was the highest
examination in India.
And he resigned.
And how he dedicated himself!
You must read his life
and you will be amazed.
I mean, he decided that
he has to struggle.
He never read about chakras or anything.
And he went into it and he read it,
he studied it and took it up seriously.
You see, it is a side issue
for all of you. How can you?
It has to be the main thing.
How much you are giving,
how much you are taking up,
what responsibility?
You must be rushing forward to it.
What responsibility we can take?
Think about it.
I'm sorry I have to say this,
but you see, all kinds of these things
are coming up and I feel that sort of,
I'll be left just high and dry
in this country, as far as
the Western people are concerned.
Crawley, I can say, I went there.
All my vibrations cleared out.
Now they are saying that I have
to go to some other place,
'Preston' or something. I'll go there.
It will clear out.
Are we going to finish all the West
like this? Have we decided on that?
I mean, it's a tremendous task
you must stay.
Now the Indians cannot work
for the Western people.
You should not forgive yourself
for doing anything wrong.
You take yourself to task.
That's the way that he has said,
that you smell a rotten egg.
Punish yourself for that, I don't mind.
But also, if you do a good thing,
you give yourself a pinch.
It's all right.
Don't punish to such an extent
that you don't really mind also
what you do yourself.
But it's not by bringing a flower
to Mataji and all that,
nothing of the kind.
How many people have you realized so far?
How many people you have talked to?
And how far have you gone deep
into yourself?
That's the big point.
It's a very tremendous task,
I'm telling you.
Never before, never before such vibrations
were given, nothing of the kind.
Nobody knows all the secrets
that you know about reality.
No one knows in the whole world.
I can tell you this.
Even Markandeya may know
about my description and all that.
But about vibrations and all these things,
he did not.
It was not so much exposed even then.
With all this knowledge, if this
is the condition, then what's this?
That is what I want to give you
a question.
I want to give you a question.
And I want you to think of it.
All right? Understand, Christine?
You understand with a little gravity,
all of you.
All the time crying and weeping
or aggressing others is not the way.
What are you doing about it?
Nobody is serious. You see,
just taking for this thing, you see,
just... I can't understand.
There is an Indian doctor who has come,
he got his Realisation,
willing to invest 30 thousand pounds
here, he told Me.
And he invests in a place
30 thousand pounds per month,
it's all right.
So many things can be done.
But what I'm saying is,
what about you people?
Now we have to go to India next year, say,
you'll become a guru.
I mean what a - they will know,
find you out in no time.
Just think of it.
It's a serious thing.
So today, I just thought that after this
duty and all that,
let us sit down, you take down
my vibrations, you finish them off.
I have too much of it.
I will get sick, I think.
I will get sick.
That's what I can see, clearly.
So what can we have now?
Don't be upset about it,
but you have to be serious
and good about it.
You must know that it's
a very great thing.
One has to bother about this thing.
This is very important.
As my children, I'm talking to you
and I'm telling you that.
Understand this possibility. Please.
You must develop and come up to the point.
It is no question of just improving you,
like other gurus, you see, they will say,
"I'll give you this
and I'll give you that."
I'm not saying.
"I have given you already."
No question of what I'm going to give you.
It's a question what you are
going to give to others.
You see, you must have more gravity
and understand that this is real Hell,
real Hell where I've landed myself.
It's only because of you I've come.
It's a very serious matter.
You must give it a thought,
how far are you going to
dedicate yourself.
It's just a subsidiary stuff for everyone.
You see, for everyone,
it seems to be a subsidiary.
Don't think that I'm saying about X or Y.
If you think like that,
nothing can happen.
You look at yourself and think,
"What am I doing about it?"
You see, because, as you know,
Rustom himself said that day,
"Mataji, you have no desire."
It's a fact. I have no desire.
I have no desire even to live.
I cannot desire to live,
nor can I desire to die.
The 'desirelessness' is a state, you see.
I have no desire.
But you must have desire.
And first desire should be that,
"O Mother, let us be clean
so that we pull all your vibrations
and we can give them."
I was telling it to him, Rustom,
that, "You see, I am the source,
all right? But the source has a problem.
And the problem now I'm giving
to the channels that I've created.
That the deities are preparing all that,
and when I demand it, they start.
And suddenly what I find,
every channel is blocked.
"This channel is blocked."
That's not because of your chakras.
Chakras can be opened up.
But because of your attitude,
attitude of callousness, I would say,
of taking it for granted
and not taking it up seriously
and with that gravity and understanding
as to what sort of a thing it is.
Just think of it.
You have not valued yourself at all!
I would not have given you all this
if you were not valuable people,
if you were not strong people,
if you were not deep.
I thought of you something,
I thought you to be real diamonds.
That's why I have chiselled you.
But you must keep your facets clean.
And you must keep your attitude clean.
Otherwise, what will happen?
That all this will be rusted.
And diamonds can also lose their lustre
if they fall into mud.
And it is real Hell.
And this is what is happening now,
that I have too much vibrations within Me
and I cannot pass it.
And the deities are all angry, absolutely,
especially Christ.
And that will happen,
I'll have to depart.
No point to go on.
I'm just telling you that I'll get sick,
I'll be very sick. You see that?
You know, as soon as Christ died,
his Mother got sick.
And She was sick throughout.
Because He was the one who was using
her power.
Every time, you see, a Goddess has come
or anything, she used her powers
to do some things in them.
When she came as Durga, she spent it
in killing people and all that.
Now here I am,
how can I kill my own children?
The bhoots are in their heads only.
But you identify with them.
The problem is you identify
and listen to them.
One has to go all out.
Think about it.
You have to go all out to do it.
It's a very serious thing.
It's not something very, very casual
or anything. It's very easy.
I can work out in the awareness
of people, but they cannot come
near you people.
Too much of inertia, I think,
too much of coming, too much.
You may have to think about it
and think about your own valuation.
Or else, I'll go back to India,
or get myself sick here,
or currently, you get all right
and channelise the vibrations.
To Me, it makes no difference
whether I die today or tomorrow,
makes no difference.
But to you, it makes.